h2. Gears/HTML5 + CouchDB = Offline syncable formentry

For more information, check out "the concept page":http://wiki.github.com/mikeymckay/hotseat/the-concept on the github wiki.

h3. Installation 

h4. Linux

Needs google gears.
Needs couchdb installed and running.
Put hotseat in /usr/share/couchdb/www/ (softlink works).
Then goto: http://localhost:5984/_utils/hotseat/index.html (need to specify index.html)

h4. Windows

Download and install the  Erlang, Visual C++ 2008 redistributables (for openssl binary), and OpenSSL as per instructions at http://wiki.apache.org/couchdb/Windows_binary_installer

Download and install the CounchDb Windows installer at http://dl.getdropbox.com/u/118385/CouchDbBinaries/couchdb-0.8.1-win32.exe
There is more info about this installer at http://www.brunomlopes.com/software/couch-db-binaries

Download a zip of hotseat from http://github.com/mikeymckay/hotseat/zipball/master

If you want to use git, follow these instructions:

Download and install Windows Git binary: http://code.google.com/p/msysgit/downloads/list
View the first part of the Git tutorial: http://book.git-scm.com/6_git_on_windows.html

Clone the hotseat source from git://github.com/mikeymckay/hotseat.git

Copy hotseat to C:\Program Files\erl5.7.1\lib\couchdb-0.8.1\share\www\hotseat

Modify index.html in the hotseat dir: Change the link to jquery.js to <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery-1.3.2.js"></script>

Launch couch db using C:\Program Files\erl5.7.1\bin\couch_start.bat

View hotseat at http://localhost:5984/_utils/hotseat/index.html

<hr>

Warning, this code is pure cowboy so giddyup and happy trails.


